
Obtaining
---------

The current version of the predictive completion package can be obtained
from:

http://www.dr-qubit.org/emacs.php



Installing
----------

To install the package, extract the files using

  tar -xvzf predictive.tar.gz

This will put the files in a new subdirectory called predictive/. You're
strongly encouraged to byte-compile all the Lisp files by running

  make

in the predictive/ directory (see also below).

Finally, move the Lisp files (files with extension .el or .elc) to a directory
in your Emacs load-path (see Lisp Libraries, GNU Emacs Manual). You can view
the current load-path using `C-h v load-path' in Emacs, assuming default
keybindings.


If you want the predictive completion minor-mode to be available whenever you
start Emacs, put the following line in your .emacs file:

  (require 'predictive)

Alternatively, you can save memory and only load the lisp libraries when
they're needed (i.e. when you first run the `predictive-mode' command), by
putting the following in your .emacs instead:

  (autoload 'predictive-mode "/path/to/predictive.elc")



Byte-Compiling
--------------

For performance reasons, it is important to byte-compile the lisp code, at
least for the core Lisp files. If you want to do this, but don't want to
create the dictionaries (see below), run

  make core

in the predictive/ directory created by extracting the files.

Alternatively, you can do it manually using `byte-compile-file' or one of the
other Emacs byte-compilation commands (see The Compilation Functions, GNU
Emacs Lisp Reference Manual) for all of the Lisp files contained in the
package.

Personally, I like to use `dired' when byte-compiling multiple files. (See
Operating on Files, GNU Emacs manual.)



Creating the Dictionaries
-------------------------

The only pre-prepared dictionary included in the main package is the English
dictionary (so that predictive completion mode works "out of the box", albeit
slowly if you don't byte-compile). However, you will get better results if you
roll your own English dictionary and tailor it to your writing style. (See
Dictionaries, Predictive Completion Manual.)

Extra dictionaries for other languages (e.g. LaTeX) are supplied as plain text
word lists. Running

  make dicts

creates these dictionaries. Simply running

  make

will byte-compile the core lisp files as well as creating the dictionaries.

You can, if you prefer, create the dictionaries manually using the
`predictive-create-dict' command from the predictive package. You should give
the dictionary the same file name as the word list file, minus the final
"-word-list". (See Creating Dictionaries, Emacs Predictive Completion Manual.)
